Add bug report Q&A to the FAQ (#4447)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/FAQ/en.md

![Mode change interface](/wiki/shared/Interface_mode.png "Mode toolbox in Song Selection (Solo)")

> Click on the `Mode` button to **open up a list of gameplay modes available on osu!**. Click on the desired gameplay mode, and osu! will switch to that gameplay mode style, along with relevant leaderboard change. Alternatively, press `Ctrl` key and `1` (![][osu! icon] *[osu!standard](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!))* / `2` ( ![][osu!taiko icon] *[osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko)*) / `3` (![][osu!catch icon]*[osu!catch](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!catch)*) / `4` (![][osu!mania icon] *[osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania)*) key on the keyboard to quickly switch to the desired gameplay mode.

Reviewer: Was this unintentional?

Author: Most likely

> Click on the `Mode` button to **open up a list of gameplay modes available on osu!**. Click on the desired gameplay mode, and osu! will switch to that gameplay mode style, along with relevant leaderboard change. Alternatively, press `Ctrl` key and `1` (![][osu! icon] *[osu!standard](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!))* / `2` ( ![][osu!taiko icon] *[osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko)*) / `3` (![][osu!catch icon]*[osu!catch](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!catch)*) / `4` (![][osu!mania icon] *[osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania)*) key on the keyboard to quickly switch to the desired gameplay mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on the `Mode` button to **open up a list of gameplay modes available on osu!**. Click on the desired gameplay mode, and osu! will switch to that gameplay mode style, along with relevant leaderboard change. Alternatively, press `Ctrl` key and `1` (![][osu! icon] *[osu!standard](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!))* / `2` ( ![][osu!taiko icon] *[osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko)*) / `3` (![][osu!catch icon]* [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!catch)*) / `4` (![][osu!mania icon] *[osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania)*) key on the keyboard to quickly switch to the desired gameplay mode.
```

### General

#### I think I've found a bug! Where can I report it?

> If you have a general technical issue, or if you're unsure whether or not the issue you've encountered is a bug or not, you can post your problems on the [Help forums](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/5). If you think you've found a specific, critical issue with osu!, you can create an issue on the [osu-stable GitHub page](https://github.com/ppy/osu-stable-issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a general technical issue, or if you're unsure whether or not the issue you've encountered is a bug or not, you can post your problems on the [Help forums](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/5). If you think you've found a specific, critical issue with osu!, you can create an issue on the [osu-stable-issues GitHub repository](https://github.com/ppy/osu-stable-issues).
```
Suggestion, this wording is also present [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/338103).

Author: Yeah, but I doubt many people would default going to the forums street gimme finding a big.

> If you have a general technical issue, or if you're unsure whether or not the issue you've encountered is a bug or not, you can post your problems on the [Help forums](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/5). If you think you've found a specific, critical issue with osu!, you can create an issue on the [osu-stable GitHub page](https://github.com/ppy/osu-stable-issues).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have a general technical issue, or if you're unsure whether the issue you've encountered is a bug or not, you can create a post in the [Help forum](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/5). If you think you've found a specific, critical issue with osu!, you can create an issue in the [osu-stable-issues GitHub repository](https://github.com/ppy/osu-stable-issues/issues).
```
